---
title: Icongen side project
date: 2023-08-02 11:47:00 +0200
categories: [Side project]
tags: [React, Dalle, T3, buildinpublic] #tag is always lower case
---

## What is Icongen.io?

I've started working on Icongen as I wanted to explore the T3 stack (NextJS / Prisma / tRPC / TailwindCSS) and I wanted to build something that I could use myself. I've been using [Heroicons](https://heroicons.com/) for a while now and I wanted to be able to generate the icons I needed without having to download the whole package.

On top of practicing the stack, I also wanted to practice building in public. I've been following [Pieter Levels](https://levels.io/) for a while now and I really like the idea of building in public. I've been doing it for a while now on Twitter and I wanted to take it a step further by building a website where I could share my progress.

## What is the stack?

As state I wanted to practice more with the T3 stack, I wanted to learn and use tRPC. I use NextAuth for the auth and Supabase for the DB. I've been using TailwindCSS for a while now and I really like it, so I wanted to use it for this project as well. I use Dalle for the AI portion and have learn a lot about prompt engineering as well.

Stripe integration for the payment method.

## What is the status?

Icongen is now having more then 130 user, 1600 icons generated at the time of the writting. I've been able to learn alot.

## What is next?

I would like to continue improving the site and add more features. I'm also practicing and trying to improve the SEO. I will go over the SEO portion in another post.
